# Catch unhandled promise rejections

## One Paragraph Explainer
Typically, most of modern Node.js/Express application code runs within promises -- whether within the .then handler, a function callback or in a catch block.<br>
Suprisingly, unless a developer remembered to add a .catch clause,<br> 
errors thrown at these places are not handled by the uncaughtException event-handler and disappear. <br>
Recent versions of Node added a warning message when an unhandled rejection pops, <br>
though this might help to notice when things go wrong but it's obviously not a proper error handling method. <br>
The straightforward solution is to never forget adding .catch clauses within each promise chain call and redirect to ad centralized error handler. <br>
However, building your error handling strategy only on developer's discipline is somewhat fragile.<br>
Consequently, it's highly recommended using a graceful fallback and subscribe to process.on('unhandledRejection', callback) - this will ensure that any promise error,<br>
if not handled locally, will get its treatment. 


> 전형적으로, 요즘 대부분의 Node.js/Express 어플리케이션 코드는 promise들 안에서 동작한다. (.then 핸들러, 콜백 함수 혹은 catch block안에서 거나) <br>
> 놀갑게도, 개발자가 .catch 절을 추가하는것을 기억하지 않는한, <br>
> 이곳에서 던져진 에러들은 uncaughtException event-handler에서 처리가 안되고 사라진다. <br>



## Blog Quote: "If you can make a mistake, at some point you will"
From the blog James Nelson

Let's test your understanding. Which of the following would you expect to print an error to the console?
```
Promise.resolve('promised value').then(() => {
    throw new Error('error');
});

Promise.reject('error value').catch(() => {
    throw new Error('error')
})

new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
    throw new Error('error');
});
```
I don't know about you, but my answer is that I'd expect all of them to print an error.<br>
However, the reality is that a number of modern JavaScript environments won't print errors for any of them.<br>
The problem with being human is that if you can make a mistake, at some point you will.<br>
Keeping this in mind, it seems obvious that we should design things in such a way that mistakes hurt as possible,<br>
and that means handling errors by default, not discarding them.
